regular-resonance/src/content/docs/editor.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Content Editor'
description: 'Professional WYSIWYG editor for your personal website content'
template: 'splash'
hero:
  tagline: 'Create beautiful content with our professional editor'
---

import ProseMirrorEditor from '../../components/ProseMirrorEditor.astro';

# Content Editor

Welcome to your personal website's content editor! This professional WYSIWYG editor gives you the power to create beautiful, formatted content without touching code.

## Features

- **Rich Text Editing** - Bold, italic, lists, and more
- **Professional Interface** - Clean, modern design that matches your site
- **Real-time Preview** - See your content as you type
- **Markdown Export** - Save your work in standard markdown format
- **Responsive Design** - Works perfectly on all devices
- **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Power user features for efficiency

## How to Use

1. **Start Typing** - Click in the editor and begin writing
2. **Format Text** - Use the toolbar buttons for styling
3. **Preview Content** - Click "Preview" to see the final result
4. **Save Your Work** - Export as markdown when ready

## Keyboard Shortcuts

- `Ctrl/Cmd + B` - Bold text
- `Ctrl/Cmd + I` - Italic text
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Z` - Undo
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Y` - Redo
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + Z` - Redo (alternative)

## Try It Out

Below is your live editor. Start creating content for your personal website!

<ProseMirrorEditor />

## Tips for Great Content

- **Keep it concise** - Clear, focused content is more engaging
- **Use formatting wisely** - Don't overdo bold and italic text
- **Break up text** - Use lists and headings for better readability
- **Preview often** - Check how your content looks before finalizing

## Next Steps

Once you're happy with your content:

1. Save it as markdown using the "Save to Markdown" button
2. Copy the content to your website pages
3. Update your site and deploy to GitHub Pages

Your content will be beautifully formatted and ready to impress visitors!

Commit message:

Add GitHub OAuth authentication and enhance editor UI
Co-authored-by: rich <rich@techrich.net>

regular-resonance/src/content/docs/editor.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Content Editor'
description: 'Professional WYSIWYG editor for your personal website content'
template: 'splash'
hero:
  tagline: 'Create beautiful content with our professional editor'
---

import ProseMirrorEditor from '../../components/ProseMirrorEditor.astro';
import GitHubAuth from '../../components/GitHubAuth.astro';

# Content Editor

Welcome to your personal website's content editor! This professional WYSIWYG editor gives you the power to create beautiful, formatted content without touching code.

**🔒 Secure Access Required** - This editor is protected with GitHub OAuth authentication to ensure only authorized users can create content.

## Features

- **Rich Text Editing** - Bold, italic, and more formatting options
- **Professional Interface** - Clean, modern design that matches your site
- **Real-time Preview** - See your content as you type
- **HTML Export** - Save your work in standard HTML format
- **Responsive Design** - Works perfectly on all devices
- **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Power user features for efficiency

## How to Use

1. **Authenticate** - Sign in with your GitHub account
2. **Start Typing** - Click in the editor and begin writing
3. **Format Text** - Use the toolbar buttons for styling
4. **Preview Content** - Click "Preview" to see the final result
5. **Save Your Work** - Export as HTML when ready

## Keyboard Shortcuts

- `Ctrl/Cmd + B` - Bold text
- `Ctrl/Cmd + I` - Italic text
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Z` - Undo
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Y` - Redo
- `Ctrl/Cmd + Shift + Z` - Redo (alternative)

## Authentication Required

<GitHubAuth />

## Try It Out

Once you're authenticated, the editor will appear below. Start creating content for your personal website!

<ProseMirrorEditor />

## Tips for Great Content

- **Keep it concise** - Clear, focused content is more engaging
- **Use formatting wisely** - Don't overdo bold and italic text
- **Break up text** - Use lists and headings for better readability
- **Preview often** - Check how your content looks before finalizing

## Next Steps

Once you're happy with your content:

1. Save it as HTML using the "Save to HTML" button
2. Copy the content to your website pages
3. Update your site and deploy to GitHub Pages

Your content will be beautifully formatted and ready to impress visitors!

## Security Features

- **GitHub OAuth** - Secure authentication via GitHub
- **User Whitelist** - Only authorized users can access
- **Session Management** - Secure token handling
- **Access Control** - Prevents unauthorized content creation
